ref(integrations): Mention metric alert actions (#5035)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/notification-incidents/msteams/index.mdx

If you click "Add" instead of "Add to Team", you won't get the welcome message to finish installation.
</Alert>

3. You should see a welcome message in the "General" channel within a few seconds. Click "Complete Setup".

   ![](msteams-welcome-message.png)

The integration should be installed at this point.

## Configure

Use Microsoft Teams for [alerts](/product/alerts/) regarding issues, environments, deployment, etc.

### Alert Rules

To set up an alert rule visit **Alerts > Create Alert**. From here you can route notifications to your Team's channels.

> Select Microsoft Teams as an [issue alert](/product/alerts/alert-types/#issue-alerts) action:

Reviewer: We can take out the extra screenshots, and this doesn't even have to be formatted as a procedure, but right now, this is the only place we explain this config process step-by-step, so I think we should include all the actual information, even if it's a shortened version of it. I've made the same edit on all of these.

```suggestion
In [issue alerts](/product/alerts/alert-types/#issue-alerts), select "Send a Microsoft Teams notification" in the actions dropdown and then select your team and channel:
```

![](msteams-add-action.png)

> Select Microsoft Teams as a [metric alert](/product/alerts/alert-types/#metric-alerts) action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [metric alerts](/product/alerts/alert-types/#metric-alerts), select the Microsoft Teams option in the dropdown that corresponds to your team and then enter the username or channel:
```

![](msteams_metric_alert_rule.png)

> Once you receive a Teams notification, you can use the Resolve, Ignore, or Assign buttons to update the Issue in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you receive a Microsoft Teams notification, you can use the "Resolve", "Ignore", or "Assign" buttons to update the Issue in Sentry.
```

![](msteams-alert-message.png)

> The first time you try to interact with a message, you will get a message from the Sentry bot asking you to link your identity. Click "Link Identities" to complete. Until you do this step, you cannot interact with messages!

Reviewer: Avoiding repetition 

```suggestion
The first time you try to interact with a notification, you will get a message from the Sentry bot asking you to link your identity. Click "Link Identities" to complete this step. Until you do this, you can't interact with messages.
```
